Oh well yes well fix Oh my God Oh
my God let's see what's up with the
teacher no ...  at
least he hasn't told him
a tenth of what we're going to
hear now from Coto because
I think people are going to freak out, they're going
to freak out and Coto has gotten carried
away according to Javi with him not with Coto and it
fell on me that I haven't said
absolutely anything but it's that he
said some insults to me that I'll see if
there's something that I missed and not because
because he says that he had a bad
experience with you either, he hasn't
had any bad experiences with me,
any bad experiences with me What a
bad experience with me that I that
was the day that I'm not going to say the day
okay it's very difficult to have a bad
experience with me or so really
You have to be you have to be or so, well, he does
n't like you I'm going to look for in fact
something that he mentioned that he put
on Twitter to see if I can find it okay
while we listen to him
Okay, well of absolute morality and
that we are also facing a Corn
immortal hartebeest with which Well, then all that
resentment that he has but that is a
consequence, everything has been a consequence Well, that he
is an absolutely
depraved degenerate being And well, then in
some way he has to pay the
consequences  But it's not that
I wanted to get even with him, he just
gets into all the hoops and let's see
what this [ __ ] says. We're looking at
a, even a true
Renaissance man of morality, the
Renaissance of sheer stupidity and
antlers. Monumental Corn. It says here
that he skins Coto Matamoro. My goodness,
you still have a relationship with Pepe
and Coto Matamoro who were on
YouTube with Coto. He's been a miserable man
with me, a miserable man with
capital letters. Coto has been a miserable man with a capital letter with me, he
had some trouble,
but then we started to understand each other again,
to talk, and our relationship has been
correct. Now it's been a while since I've
seen him or spoken to him, but we
coincided on Radio Marca for a
while and our relationship has been very
correct, polite, and despite the fact that at
some point, well, in
Cotto's case, I repeat, he has behaved with me
like a true miserable man, I have been a
good friend for a moment, man, for
a moment that's gone by, he talks about his
relationship with, I didn't hear you, I didn't hear you. Oh,
then I don't know what you're talking about.  Are
you paying attention to the speech of this [ __ ]
or here eh he has to be at all he
talks about his relationship with if there has been
someone who has laughed at this
[ __ ] it has been Pepe Herrero me too
no I'm not going to say
no because I would be lying Me too Well let's put it in Pati we both laughed what's wrong with you pipi Estrada you are a [ __ ] rat and a slob is that for 200 a month you are capable of licking the floor because that's what they pay you at marca [ __ ]
marela tells you not to have intentions and
then you drop your pants
and act like pepe is your lifelong friend
because you are like that you are
amoral you are a scoundrel a real
scoundrel
answering Yeah look eh
I saw this before and I
thought honey is not made for the
mouth of the no In the sense to answer
this because I don't know in what circumstances
this person who speaks is clearly
that I don't know I don't know eh I don't know if he
likes chocolate or whatever he likes
but come on of course it's hard for me
and act like that
but use those terms
eh To refer to someone I don't know if
there's eh need because as far as I know pipi
eh has said that he has behaved like a
miserable man he has explained his situation but
as far as I know there's no need
eh rat of I don't know
what we're going on some barbarities that I
really stay flabbergasted chat I don't know if it's
because of lack of affection to get
attention for or I don't know why and the
second thing is that he treats the owner of the Channel a little better I don't know him You're welcome
but
come on you what are you here I don't know that way
of treating people and he talks to me like that
of course I tell you that I won't
keep quiet but anyway one
by one you can continue mam racho keep going
rag I have realized that she
is human garbage two brothers that
first coto was born
pipi too no to Vero the level goes up no
but pipi also said something to her no
human garbage Kiko Coto came out dragged Kiko
dragged him in childbirth so [ __ ]
that he still hasn't realized how am I going to
get out before  and I'm going to drag the other one
who says [ __ ] yes you are
[ __ ] I pulled it out of the neck like How did he
pull you out because he learned he
learned to pull out of the neck because the
moment he was born I pulled it out of his
neck and he suffered a fetal hiccup that's why he's
left with that brain like
yours rather in terms of retardation it
rivals you understand both but with
all the retardation that he has he has more
balls than you and so what he's
dedicated himself to has been to get you out of everything he
pulled you off television first and then he would get you
out of any place in Madrid that
you were in and he would come in he
would demand that you be thrown out and he would leave and they would
throw you out and you had to swallow it
because you were scared of him because you're
[ __ ] you understand And then he
called me ranting saying look at
Mortadelo what a son of a [ __ ] who was
at that MOMA party in everything and they took me
out and he said that I should get out of there
that I was [ __ ] and you since you are
[ __ ] the problem that you had Is that you
wanted to be in  the television was off and
then in that one as it was you had to
crawl you had to crawl And of
all those that you threw [ __ ]
at for years but daily because you were
the most annoying time I've ever seen in
my life there wasn't a day that you didn't call
to tell us what they said on
Salvam because you're that boring you're
a fat old woman with that hot face you
've got you called to criticize the
other one to say look he's had
another operation on his face that I don't know what And then you
beat him in the number of
operations fat girl if you've had an operation up
to your tits that reached your belly
button [ __ ] gave but pee how are you
so filthy to be insulting a guy
for years because he had an operation that it
seems like a beast to me what you
both have done I think you see the same
butcher you crawled Exactly the
same as you crawled before Terelu
when she had breast cancer I don't know
what the [ __ ] do you understand me And then the one who
was so bad that she had ruined your
life that she had left your daughter  without
support because you didn't tell it the
same way you told Pedrero so that he would put
me in the prr eh that you had to
pay 30,000 and then that's
good Pipi tells me about this but
why not respect he's thinking about what to
do because he's
angry eh he's angry he says he
lies like a
scoundrel he's a
walking corpse the poor guy only lies but that's how it is
I laugh at what he says
and
says that with the Jus Pedol thing he lies and I know he
makes it up and he uses me to
hurt me I don't bite the hand that
feeds me and I don't go into it because
I don't know his personal life therefore I
don't talk he's emotionally destitute he's
told me more things But regarding this he
told me that now now we
continue the support of your daughter and that no
So he goes crying in the corners like
a [ __ ] then no they didn't hold
back on telling us the adventures that
Robinson had told you about Pedrn and you were
putting him down behind his back it's
the biggest son of a [ __ ] that walks the earth you
understand me Well J terel Lu maybe
then after putting her down that
cost you a sentence of 30,000 bucks
eh that you're stupid because you're
stupid I mean no there's no one more stupid
than you in this world eh after that you
wrote her some messages saying
come on jabata that you'll get out of this and man Of course he
came out But you just have to suck up
because he's a [ __ ] Eh You're going to
say [ __ ] let's see what they're going to think
of me now if this one dies eh And he's been
saying [ __ ] Eh Because you are like that you
are a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ] you
understand me for the same reason that you did
with the gin that you called her because it's
also that there are your tweets that are that they
were daily you understand [ __ ] the
gin that is Mila chimz yes
listen to me
[ __ ] I don't know this guy's tongue
come on no I know that there are a lot of people
who despise him look
regardless of whether in some things he
may be right or not I won't
argue with his tongue  I mean I want to tell you
if any of us here or the rest
spoke like that we'd be sentenced It seems to me
that he's completely out of his depth with his mannerisms
and I think that we're going to say it's not that it's
indefensible It's not that you can't
even answer certain things anyway anyway
you found out he had
cancer And then he went from being the last
piece of [ __ ] in the world and the most disgusting aunt
and the most I don't know what and the man I don't know how much
to being a wonderful woman because you
are like that you are an Asturian hick but
a hick And then how did you see the
opportunity through of de
alierta to get you on television
and they would make you and let you come back because that's who
you are that's the dream of your life to be
on television because he's
mentally [ __ ] and a bunch of fools and an
[ __ ] you know what I mean So well since
that was your dream then you pulled the
strings so that Villanueva Whoever it was would
readmit you to TV5 after many years
but since he had nothing but enemies
because you had spent your life
insulting him and they had spent their
life insulting you But that's what you
like you slipped because you started
sucking up to everyone I got to a
point when I heard you talking about Kiko
Hernandez who you called a son of a
[ __ ] and up that I thought her boyfriend was
going to get jealous or what a
Hernandez guy He even stuck it
in your ass which is undeniable seeing
you are capable of anything what a
good person Kiko Hernandez was eh that he
was the devil who had invented
cancer to get on television
like you invades regret having said
and having stopped saying because you are a
real piece of [ __ ] They spent a month
dressing up as an old woman By the way it
looked really good because it's the face you
have of a [ __ ] of a [ __ ] old woman understand
hosa is that [ __ ] of course What is
pipi telling you that she's going to
sue him now after this eh Let's see
regarding this
subject it is what you are it's what's in your
head disgusting also you had sex with
Emma eh I don't know the name of the one who
presented the men and vice versa
Emma Garcia Emma Garcia who had
kicked you out of the program eh And you had
called her Well what  you had said about that
girl I don't even know her Well
you told me that it was that you thought he was
Basile's lover imagine eh how what
IB saying Well then you also
humiliated yourself Why Because it's a moral
because he's a piece of [ __ ] a real piece of [ __ ] He
's an idiot what did he say about Marta he said
something like she looked like a trans or that she
looked like a man is that sometimes
besides that's the least that is
dispatched I tell you one thing but what
need What need to do that
damage and that gratuitous insult What is
an insult you seem like a transvestite you don't
think it's like one Because you laughed well
when we said he was a transvestite er he's
the first one that would throw himself on the ground
be it also you are a
hypocrite my goodness I mean let's see let's see
eh Well yes yes it is an insult because he
says it in a totally contemptuous way or
rather like saying he's a transvestite he
looks like a man it's like I mean it's like a
guy lives in a parallel reality I mean I
understand that not having filters is
rewarded because I have not had them many times
Look for example Fran surveys
another  guy who has no filters But it's not like that it's
not like that I mean it doesn't pass these
barriers this This no, it doesn't have a filter
this is my god I mean it
reminds me of someone someone but in
man someone who has a
YouTube channel but in man I mean I'm really
telling you it's true a little more
intelligent and with more resources but but
yeah I mean I want to tell you it's that
uh or so my god my god but it's that I
think or so I received a WhatsApp that I that
tells me that throughout
the video he says that he wants to prosecute that he
wants to take action against pipi
against me but it's being heard but
but I want to tell you but because of this because of what you
're saying here Yeah man it can't
be for anything else but but and me on
top of it But what if it's that I mean but it's a
joke it makes you pretty
now it makes you pretty Now yeah well
let's see what I do let's see what
I do the worst thing you can be
in this life disgusting but much worse
is to say that your wife of of of
alert wanted to [ __ ] you that she threw you
against the refrigerator in her house
disgusting eh I haven't said that about
my brother's girlfriend or partner eh I
said he looks like a transvestite what does he look like you
know what I mean Because you only have to
have eyes to see it eh but I
haven't been talking about the wife of the
person who saved my life
financially saying that he wanted to
[ __ ] me well Of course it's that they
all want to [ __ ] you you see
someone walk by on the street and they want to [ __ ] you they
all want to [ __ ] you because you
're mentally ill well you even
believe it that The most that has ever
[ __ ] you was Marujita Daz in the
Candela bathrooms when Marujita was already
pissing herself
balls me
Wait
wait I [ __ ] she doesn't give a damn
eh she says
says Clara and Lolo that he has nothing to
lose that he's insolvent of course it's that of
course this Yes obviously I think so
that Pipi if she wants she can File
a lawsuit but that it reaches her no that it
reaches her Coto Coto Ah Ah Ah yeah yeah
Pipi let's see I think it's more than
obvious no that if Pipi  he files a
lawsuit no but of course why So that in
7 years or so it doesn't make
sense that I'm freaking out or I mean grandma man don't
even worry eh I know that my
family is watching This don't even
worry because it's that it's Je it's Je
[ __ ] but listen to me it's very it's that he doesn't give a damn
eh he doesn't give a damn eh he's
insolvent Let's see it's that he
completely doesn't give a damn but [ __ ]
my goodness I don't have a word eh it's
wild how savage that thing about marujita I
believe it says the Indian p throws himself up to
a wall he confessed that he was ADO Ali that what if
nobody is questioning if they
are but one thing is losing one's
manners that everyone and another thing is this which
is already the next thing of the next thing
of the next or rather
God because to [ __ ] each other he would take off in
the services of a restaurant it's that
being a degenerate I don't know what happened to him
because I don't want to go into details that I
can intuit what happened to him has many
numbers the numbers because because because Of
course  because we are going to charge you